In this module, I want to have a look at arrays.
We already played around with arrays a little bit but they're interesting enough to give them their
own module.
What is an array?
Well you saw it before,
it's basically something like this, a collection of items
and important is that you have these square brackets around comma separated items to create such
an array.
Also important and also mentioned before but I just want to get it back into your memory at this point, this
array here would have a length of three since it has three items but the index starts at zero,
so the first item can be accessed through index 0,
not 1 and therefore the last index in this array here would be 2 and not 3.
So there are the basics about an array
but let's have a look at what we can do with arrays in Javascript.